h1. FIROSOPHY

*Author: Yuki Suga
*E-mail: ysuga at ysuga.net
*Date  : since 2011/08/05

h2. Contents

*Objective & Goal
*Characteristics
*Target System and Dependency
*Usage and References
*Link

h2. Objective & Goal

My goal is to create a robotics system design tool in which event driven archtecture and data flow architecture are well combined.

h2. Characteristics

FIROSOPHY is a robot system development tool that uses a finite state machine algorithm.
In FIROSOPHY, the robot system has finite state(s) (that is called 'RTState').
In each RTState, robotics components (like actuators, sensors and controllers) are differently connected.
Using FIROSOPHY, robotics system topologies are capable of dynamically changing when the robotics components' conditions are changed.
 
FIROSOPHY uses RT-middleware model in which robotics elements (like actuators and sensors) are treated as components (RT-components, RTCs).
Using RT-middleware, robotic system is developed by connecting RTCs.

h2. Target System and Dependency

FIROSOPHY depends on...

OpenRTSystemBuilder: github.com/ysuga/OpenRTSystemBuilder
OpenStateMachine: github.com/ysuga/OpenStateMachine
OpenStateMachineUI: github.com/ysuga/OpenStateMachineUI
FIROSOPHYEngine: github.com/ysuga/FIROSOPHYEngine
OpenRTM-aist 1.0 Java: http://www.openrtm.org/

h2. Usage and References

Download all dependencies.

h2. Link

*OpenRTM-aist : http://www.openrtm.org
*Developers Page : http://www.ysuga.net


